Update Conditional Statement (#72)
v-community/v_by_example: examples/conditional_statements/conditional_statements.md

}
```

> In this example, the code inside `else` block will execute because the condition in `if` evaluates to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the code inside the `else` block will execute because the condition in `if` evaluates to `false`.
```

ashia_age := 38

if tom_age < ashia_age {
    println("Tom is younger than Ashia")
} else if tom_age > ashia_age {
    println("Tom is older than Ashia")
} else {
    println("Tom and Ashia are the same age")
}
```

Output

```bash
Tom is younger than Asia
```

## Nested `if..else` statement

> It is always legal to nest `if...else` statements which means you can use one `if`, `else` or `else...if` statement inside another `if` or `else...if` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is always a good practice to nest `if...else` statements which means you can use one `if`, `else` or `else...if` statement inside another `if` or `else...if` statement.
```
